samples: serial_lte_modem add TCP/IP proxy service (#2110)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: samples/nrf9160/serial_lte_modem/README.rst

* AT#XLISTEN
* AT#XACCEPT
* AT#XCONNECT=<url>,<port>
* AT#XSEND=<datatype>,<data>
* AT#XRECV[=<length>]
* AT#XSENDTO=<url>,<port>,<datatype>,<data>
* AT#XRECVFROM=<url>,<port>[,<length>]
* AT#XGETADDRINFO=<url>

> Optional TCPIP proxy service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands are available to control the optional TCP/IP proxy service:
```
Is that correct?

Author: These commands are made for a specific customer at the moment and are not available by default, need Config flag to turn them on.

Reviewer: Then the documentation is missing information about how to turn these on.

Author: Updated with configuration info

* AT#XLISTEN
* AT#XACCEPT
* AT#XCONNECT=<url>,<port>
* AT#XSEND=<datatype>,<data>
* AT#XRECV[=<length>]
* AT#XSENDTO=<url>,<port>,<datatype>,<data>
* AT#XRECVFROM=<url>,<port>[,<length>]
* AT#XGETADDRINFO=<url>

> Optional TCP proxy service if configuration option ``CONFIG_SLM_TCP_PROXY`` is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the configuration option ``CONFIG_SLM_TCP_PROXY`` is defined, the following AT commands are available to control the TCP proxy service:
```

Author: New text applied, replaced "control" by "use"

* AT#XTCPSVR=<op>[,<port>[,[sec_tag]]
* AT#XTCPCLI=<op>[,<url>,<port>[,[sec_tag]]
* AT#XTCPSEND=<datatype>,<data>

> Optional UDP proxy service if configuration option ``CONFIG_SLM_UDP_PROXY`` is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the configuration option ``CONFIG_SLM_UDP_PROXY`` is defined, the following AT commands are available to control the UDP proxy service:
```

Author: New text applied, replaced "control" by "use"
